How is that possible?
Dr. Ye, stop talking nonsense
My dad committed suicide by jumping off a building
I saw the body, how could it be him?
Besides, even if my dad was really alive
Why did he poison his own son?
You just said your dad committed suicide by jumping off a building
And beyond recognition
How can you be sure that person is your dad?
The clothes belong to my dad
And his body shape and what he wears are all his
The clothes belong to your father
Can you be sure that person is your father?
Have you done an appraisal?
That doesn't mean you mean
Your brother doesn't lie
In other words, your father is not dead at all. It's impossible
Impossible Master Duan
If it was really your dad who poisoned it
Just nod your head.
No.
I don't believe it. I don't believe it.
Even if he were alive
Why did he poison my brother?
Your dad poisoned it
Ordinary doctors can't cure it
To heal you can only call me
Oops, it's for me
What do you mean?
If I'm not mistaken
Your father is the head of the four families and the sky stick